[hooks] Add documentation on running the debugger (#2706)
dart-lang/native: pkgs/hooks/doc/debugging.md

> # Debugging Dart Build Hooks

Reviewer: nit: technically, all that's said in here also applies to link hooks. Should we note that somewhere? Or is the omission on purpose because link hooks aren't launched yet? Even then, a short note that this also applies in the same way to the experimental link hooks may be useful.

containing temporary and output files.

You can find the most important debugging files in a subdirectory specific to
your hook's execution. The path is of the form
`.dart_tool/hooks_runner/<package_name>/<some_hash>/`, where `<package_name>`
is the name of the package containing the hook. For example, for a hook in a
package named `sqlite`, it would be
`.dart_tool/hooks_runner/sqlite/221e109fbc/`.

When you run a build, hooks for all dependencies are executed, so you might see
multiple package directories.

The `<some_hash>` is a checksum of the hook's configuration. If you are unsure
which hash directory to inspect within your package's hook directory, you can
delete the `.dart_tool/hooks_runner/<package_name>/` directory and re-run the
command that failed. The newly created directory will be for the latest
invocation.

Inside this directory, you will find:

* `input.json`: Contains the exact configuration and data passed *into* your
  build hook. Reviewing this helps confirm if the hook is receiving the expected
  build configuration.
* `output.json`: This file stores the JSON data that your build hook *produced*
  as its result.

> * `stdout.txt`: Captures any standard output from your script. This is where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `stdout.txt`: Captures any standard output from your build hook. This is where
```

Let's stay with one terminology?
